what's up guys it's named storms
bringing you a little footage of some
advanced warfare and also just this is
just a quick video for those who don't
know just some tips on how to get ghost
or advanced warfare early if you want to
get it you know decent you know
considerably early or if you'd like to
you know still get it early but that's
the same price so as I'm sure a lot of
you know however it's important that I
tell you now because it's based on
limited supply and if you live in a
bigger area the faster you know then the
better chance you'll get it early on
Call of Duty through the game they're
now doing a promotional one day early
that if you ordered it now are you know
around now it's free and I think it's
going to be free the whole way up until
you know however long they sell it for
but the reason I'm kind of trying to get
everyone's attention now they just came
out about it is because it's only while
supplies last and they're only going to
ship you know different gamestop
locations and stuff like that certain
amounts and limited quantity so if you
don't get on the wagon now then you're
probably gonna miss it and while
everyone's playing it a day early you're
going to be kind of without it so if you
do want to get it certainly one day
early for sure gamestop I believe
carries it right now no extra charge if
you pre-order now you're able to get the
one day early edition and you can go
pick it up in store or if you want to
pay for the shipping you can get it at
your house right away but I would just
get it go to a store near you and I
would not expect the places to have them
in stock if you just go in the day
before because like I said the place is
probably only receive the amount for
those who pre-ordered it so just a
little forewarning there just a little
heads up you might want to get on that
if you're interested in 24 hours early
now if you are considering actually
trying to get the game you know
considerably early
two weeks whatever I guess I can you
know give some tips or whatever but I
just got to be honest you are gonna have
to really consider paying a good amount
of money extra just for the few extra
days or matches or whatever it may be
and also in order not to get caught
you're going to have to probably do
nothing but play campaign so if you feel
it's worth it want to get used to the
game quicker than everyone else then by
all means and you know you want to spend
your money but that's all up to you but
anyway to be honest the only real you
know ways you're going to be getting it
early as if you're friends with somebody
at gamestop or were to you know make
some sort of offer to them or whatever
because i don't think i've ever heard of
a game store getting you know in trouble
for that now there is a local game store
near here but all i gotta say is i
highly doubt any local stores would be
getting any like the early copies
because they don't they just get their
shipments based on pre-orders and then
whatever they decide to order for the
day release least that's how the local
one here works because i remember black
hobbs to they ended up not getting it
until pretty late and they actually got
it a day late and obviously they had no
you know obviously didn't have early
copies or else they would have gave it
to those who pre-ordered so if you
happen to know somebody gamestop you're
going to have to figure out a way to
contact them and see if you can offer
them a bit more money but i don't think
just an average employee is going to be
able to do it for you however there is
one other thing there and it would be
sort of like you know if you are
craigslist popular in your area anything
like that you might have to drive a
little way so because i have i do
remember a guy back in the ghost when
ghost was coming out he drove into the
city he lived on st. Louis well like an
hour
a droves the city and then there's you
know places like that that are highly
populated and the game stops there that
get a lot of copies different things
like that they'll be willing to sell you
a copy few days early for you know maybe
like 100 bucks or whatever but and and
like I said well I don't think I ever
said this sorry but whenever you're
getting closer to the date and whatever
more places start popping up that you
can get it so unless you have a real
good hookup you're probably not getting
a two or a leaf but like I said if you
want to try that route you can always
try Craigslist or whatever a few days
early stuff like that ebay might also
carry it but I would it's kind of hard
with go or advanced warfare I want to
say go so bad but it's advanced warfare
because they do the free one day early
promotion to those who pre-order now so
anytime you go to look that up somewhere
all the things that are going to be
results are probably the one day version
since it's still considered getting it
early so I don't know if that was just a
business decision or what so anyway see
how so basically those are the only tips
i have on getting it early but like i
said there is the guaranteed one day
early but you better get on it now
because it is while supplies last only
and so that's it hope you enjoyed the
nice gameplay going on in the background
and the commentary and the help whatever
I know it's not much but I wanted to
alert everybody especially my
subscribers because you guys rock that
there is one day early going on if you
haven't heard about it so wanted to let
you guys all get in on that and alert
you before things run out so thanks guys
please leave a like and if you want to
subscribe leave a comment feedback
whatever anyway newsrooms peace